[Jesse Frederick singing
"Everywhere You Look"]
♪ Ahh ahh ahh ahh ♪
♪ Ahh ♪
♪ Whatever happened
to predictability ♪
♪ The milkman
the paper boy evenin' TV ♪
♪ How did I get
to livin' here ♪
♪ Somebody tell me please ♪
♪ This old world's
confusing me ♪
♪ Clouds as mean
as you've ever seen ♪
♪ Ain't a bird
who knows your tune ♪
♪ Then a little voice
inside you whispers ♪
♪ Kid don't sell
your dreams so soon ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ Everywhere you go ♪
♪ There's a heart ♪
♪ A hand to hold onto ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ Everywhere you go ♪
♪ There's a place ♪
♪ Of somebody
who needs you ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ When you're
lost out there ♪
♪ And you're all alone ♪
♪ A light is waiting
to carry you home ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ Ahh ahh ahh ahh ♪
♪ Chip-a-dee-ba-ba-dow ♪♪
[instrumental music]
[buzzing]
Okay, honeybees.
Let's all be seated.
Who knows what today is?
(together)
Me.
Stephanie.
Today's the start
of the honeybee honey drive.
Very good, Stephanie.
Thank you.
Joey, as honorary
queen bee
will you pass out
the sample honey?
Linda, I would
be delighted.
I know our hive is gonna
raise lots of money
for underprivileged children
and the honeybee
who sells the most honey
will win this
special grand prize.
(together)
Oh, wow!
- Uh, Steph.
- Stephanie.
Steph.
- Steph. Steph.
- Steph.
Yeah.
You haven't won
the bike yet, Steph.
Yet. That seat was
made for my tush.
I would like to introduce
a young lady
who holds the record
for selling 725 jars of honey.
A honeybee legend,
I might add.
Let's put your wings
together for D.J. Tanner.
Alright!
[children cheering]
Thank you, honeybees.
Ah, memories.
Honeybees, any kid can sell
raffle tickets for a color TV.
But to unload this stuff
you gotta work
your little stinger off.
(D.J.)
'So what are you gonna do?'
Sell! Let me hear it.
(together)
Sell! Sell! Sell!
Hello.
Attack!
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Hold it.
Been wiping out bugs
all day.
A few more
won't make a difference.
You! See me later.
[chuckles]
Sure, yuk it up.
It just so happens that
I am an honorary queen bee.
Joseph, this is
no news to me.
What's this?
Uh, it's a tree house.
It's from your mom.
My mom always sends me
the dopiest gifts.
I think it's for Michelle.
Hi, guys.
Are the honeybees here?
I didn't miss them,
did I?
Yes, the honeybees
are still here.
And more importantly,
I believe
so is their
hive mother, Linda.
Linda?
Jesse...my daughter
is a honeybee
and uh..
...Linda just happens
to be her hive mother.
She also happens to be
very pretty and very divorced.
[chuckles]
And you happen to
like her, don't you?
Purely as an insect.
Face it, man,
you're smitten.
I am not smitten.
I know smitten.
You are smut.
Danny, why don't you
just ask her out?
It's obvious you're ready
to start dating again.
I don't know.
You think it's been
enough time?
Danny, it's been
a year since Pam died.
I don't think you should feel
bad about seeing other people.
I think it's okay.
Yeah, but dating?
I haven't been on a date since
I took Pam to the senior prom.
I don't even remember
how to ask a girl out.
Same way you asked
my sister out.
How'd you do that?
Well, Joey asked
her out for me.
This Joey?
Joey was, uh,
sort of my expert on romance.
This Joey?
It just so happens that
I have a way with women.
Yes, you take one look
at them and they run away.
Excuse me.
Daniel, listen.
You're a reasonably
semi-attractive young man.
You've been living
with me long enough.
I think something
must have rubbed off.
Go in there, be bold
be confident,
and ask that girl out.
And don't come back
until you got a date.
That's right. Go!
You're right.
I can do this.
- Is my cowlick sticking up?
- Yeah, go on.
Go on! Go.
- Oh, Linda, hi.
- Hi, Danny.
What a nice surprise?
I forgot the honeybees
were even meeting today.
Well, we're just
wrapping things up.
Okay, why don't you all
buzz into the car?
Thanks so much for letting
us use your house again.
Anytime. Mi hive is su hive.
[both laughing]
Mr. Tanner, will you
please buy some honey?
Sweetheart, come here.
Yes, mommy?
Oh, I think Mr. Tanner
will be buying
his honey
from Stephanie.
You know you can never
have too many jars of honey.
Sign me up
for three jars.
- Thanks, Mr. Tanner.
- You're welcome.
I don't believe this.
I must be dreaming.
Daddy, I need that bike.
Sweetheart, I'm gonna
buy from you too.
I tell you what.
I'll take ten jars.
Ten jars? Oh--
Only ten?
Dad, you just bought three
from the competition.
This sweet young child
is your own flesh and blood.
- Fifteen jars?
- Twenty.
- Seventeen.
- Deal.
Now, that's how
you set records, kid.
You just bought
20 jars of honey.
That's nothing.
When D.J. set the record,
I bought 112.
I built a honey cellar
downstairs.
[laughs]
You know, you're
really a great dad.
Well, I've got the kids
waiting in the car.
Linda, wait. Um..
Do you, uh..
You ever go
to the movies?
Sure. I love movies.
No kidding? Me too.
It's a small world.
Two people who love movies
living in the same city.
It's amazing.
Where was I?
I think you were kind of
working up the courage
to ask me out.
Right.
I'm still workin' on it.
Danny, I've got
a car full of bees.
But I've got two tickets
to a modern art exhibit tonight.
I mean, I'd love for you to be
my guest if I can find a sitter.
- Jesse and Joey can do it.
- Great.
Then, uh, we can have
dinner too.
My treat.
Pick you up around seven?
- Okay?
- Okay.
It's a date?
- It's a date.
- Great.
I have a date tonight.
I have a date tonight!
And why not?
Alright, Michelle, when we
put together this dream house
it's gonna make Benny,
the dishrag look like..
...he'll look like a dishrag.
Hi, guys.
What's happenin'?
You tell us.
Well, uh, I'd like to
but, uh, I have to get ready
for my date tonight!
Daniel, my man!
Alright!
You did what
I told you, right?
You were in there,
you were bold
you were confident,
you asked her out
and she said yes, right?
No, I was shy
and I was awkward
and she asked me out
and I said yes.
- No!
- Yes.
She's treating me to dinner
and to an art exhibit.
She's paying?
How does this shy
and awkward thing work?
Danny, you're gonna
go out tonight
and you're gonna
have a great time.
That's right, and we're
gonna watch the girls for ya.
The girls.
How am I gonna tell
D.J. and Stephanie
that their father is
going out on a date?
Any ideas?
(together)
Mm.
Uh..
Well, uh..
Uh, tell him, Joseph.
- Trust your instincts.
- That's right. Good thinking.
Trust your instincts
and, uh, uh
tell them exactly
what they need to know
but nothing more. Nothing..
- Just tell them that.
- I like that, Jesse.
- I like that.
- Yeah, thanks very much.
Uh, listen to what they say,
and respond accordingly.
Right. Accordingly
respond to what they say
and most importantly,
be their father!
Yeah.
You don't have a clue how
to handle this, do you?
I don't know what
I'm talking about.
Yeah, I don't either.
Michelle?
You'll tell your sisters
for me, won't you?
Ah, thank you, honey.
You take all
the pressure off.
Give me a kiss.
Thanks.
If you want that bike,
you got to be a salesman
like this.
Hi, my name's
Stephanie Tanner.
I'm a honeybee, and we're
raising money for needy kids.
Jars of honey make
wonderful birthday gifts
and your purchase
is tax-deductible
talk about
a honey of a deal.
That was awesome.
Hey, girls.
Go for it.
Hi, daddy.
I'm Stephanie Tanner
and this honey
is tax duckbills.
Happy birthday.
Sweetheart, I bought
17 jars from you already.
Deej, take your sister
and sit down,
because right now
I wanna have a little talk
with my three girls
about something
very important.
Tonight, your father
is going on a..
'uh..'
You know, let me
have two more jars.
Great!
You girls, you like Julie's mom,
Mrs. Stratton, don't you?
Sure.
She's a nice hive mother.
Well, great. Because tonight,
Julie's mom and I are..
'We're, um..'
Make it four more jars.
I'm getting good
at this.
I better just say this
before I go broke.
Julie's mom and I
are going out tonight.
Oh, boy!
Where are we going?
No, angel, it's just me
and Julie's mom.
Why can't we go?
Steph, you don't get it.
They're going on a date.
Dad doesn't want us there.
They want to be alone.
Uh, D.J., wait!
It's not that we
want to be alone.
We just, we wanna get
to know each other.
Well, dad, couldn't you
just stay home with us?
Um, I need you to, uh,
help me with my homework.
And Stephanie probably needs
you too, right, Steph?
I guess so.
Daddy, if you go
on a date tonight
is Julie's mommy
gonna be our new mommy?
Your new mommy?
Of course not.
You know,
people go out on dates
and they don't get married.
You understand that,
don't you?
I don't know.
I'm not sure
what's going on.
I'll tell you exactly
We need dad here,
and he's leaving.
Why don't I just, uh
change my plans and-and stay
with you three girls, then?
For the rest of my life.
[instrumental music]
Hi, Linda,
yeah, it's Danny.
Look, I feel real
uncomfortable about this
but, uh, I have to
cancel out on our date.
I-I'm starting to feel like
it's too soon for this.
Thanks for understanding.
Yeah. Bye.
(Jesse)
'What happened?'
I thought you were
ready to start dating.
I was, until I saw the looks
on those girls' faces.
Although Michelle
took it pretty well.
You think I should have kept
my date with Linda, don't you?
- Yes, I do.
- I agree with him.
Who said that?
Look, Daniel,
yes, it is hard on
the girls, man,
but they love you.
They'll learn
to deal with it.
I just think my dating
will be so much easier
once the girls
are away at college.
Oh, yeah,
you'll be pushing 50
hanging out
at singles bars.
[imitates old man]
Hi, Danny Tanner.
Uh, Capricorn.
You wanna hold my teeth?
Danny, this is always
gonna be a tough situation.
But do you wanna keep
postponing your life?
Well, no.
Danny, the decision
is yours.
What do you really
wanna do?
I really wanna
go out with Linda.
- Now you're talking!
- There you go.
- Lay it down.
- Alright.
Come on, Joseph.
Get the stuff.
Okay.
Hi, Linda?
Uh, Danny here.
Did someone call you before
sayin' it was too soon
for me to start dating?
I thought so.
Linda, that was my evil
twin brother, Manny Tanner.
If it's not too late, I'd
really like to see you tonight.
Great. So you'll
pick me up--
- Hi, dad.
- Hi, dad!
Can you hold on
a second?
Hi, girls.
Dad, we were talking,
and it was so nice of you
to cancel your date for us.
We wanna thank you by
taking you out for ice cream.
Our treat.
Because you're
a great dad.
And we love you
so much.
Thanks. I love you too.
- Thanks, dad.
This is Manny Tanner,
the evil twin.
Something's come up, and, uh,
Danny can't make it tonight.
He's really very sorry,
and, uh, he'll call you later..
...if I let him.
Bye.
[instrumental music]
You, uh, might wanna use
wing nut 34.
Tch-tch.
♪ Ooh wah doo doo
wing nut 34 ♪
♪ Be bop doo ba doo
wa doo dah.. ♪♪
Would you?
Are you sure don't
wanna take one look
at the instructions?
Joseph, do not
question the master.
This is quite simple,
my friend.
There is a roof,
there is a floor
there are legs,
there is this part..
...which is obviously
bonus firewood.
Do you guys wanna come with
dad and us for ice cream?
Uh, girls, we have
a better idea.
Yeah, why don't we take you
girls out for ice cream
so your daddy can go
to that art exhibit?
Because that idea stinks.
Right, Steph?
Maybe. Who knows?
I've been
confused all day.
Look, I know you're worried
about your dad dating again
but I think I know
how you feel.
How would you know?
Well..
You see, I was only six
when my parents got divorced
and I wasn't very happy
when my mom started
to date again.
Well, my grandma
used to come and babysit
and she used to pinch
my cheeks so hard..
Just tell the story, huh?
Anyway, I got used
to my mom dating again
and she was much happier
because she wasn't
so lonely.
You think dad's lonely?
Yes, I do.
You know what, girls?
I think your dad
would be very happy
if he could go
on that date tonight.
I want dad
to be happy.
I do too.
Come on, D.J.,
let's go talk to daddy.
Alright. Done, Joseph.
Without instructions.
Looking good.
Come on, I'll build
the master a club sandwich.
Alright.
Coming, master?
Yeah, yeah.
I'm, uh..
Yes, of course I'm coming.
Nice suit.
Did you get that
from a realtor?
Steph, before we go talk
to dad, come with me.
What's wrong?
I don't know about this.
But you said you wanted
daddy to be happy.
Yeah. But we're forgetting
somebody very important.
Who?
Mom.
Mom? What do you mean?
Well, maybe mom wouldn't
be so happy
about dad going out
on dates.
Wow.
I never thought of that.
I don't want mom
to be not happy
and I don't want daddy
to be not happy.
And I don't want us
This is so complicated.
I think I'm having
my first headache.
[instrumental music]
Daddy, can we talk to you?
Sure.
I thought we were
goin' out for ice cream.
We wanted to make sure
we still liked it.
Come here.
Sit next to me.
Give me my kid.
Alright.
Thank you.
Okay, girls..
What's wrong?
Well, it's kind of
hard to explain.
No, it's not.
D.J. was wondering
if you still love mom.
Of course
I still love mom.
She was the first
love of my life.
Together we made
three little miracles.
I'm always gonna love her.
Nothing will change that.
Not a date.
Not even if I fall in love
with someone else one day.
Well, how do you think mom
would feel about that?
I know exactly
how she would feel.
You do?
How?
Well, moms and dads
talk about all
kinds of things.
And one night,
we had a long talk
about what we would do
if something ever
happened to one of us.
We talked about
making sure you were
all taken care of
and we agreed that
if either one of us
ever became single again
we should try
to meet someone else
to share our life with.
So mom would be happy
if you went on a date?
I think she would be.
She would know
that I'm not looking
for someone to
take her place..
'...just to make
a new friend.'
I could never forget mom.
I think about her
every time I look at you..
...and you..
...and you too.
Well, maybe we could take you
out for ice cream another night.
We already had
two bowls anyway.
Go on your date, dad.
That's very sweet
but I don't think I can
call Julie's mom again.
I already broke
our date twice.
I'll call her.
Uh, D.J., you don't
have to do that.
It's 555-8713.
[instrumental music]
Alright! Yes!
Okay, let me get
this off here.
Hey, Linda's waiting downstairs.
She's here already?
How is she dressed?
Casual? Trendy?
Semi-trendy?
Quasi-casual?
She's wearing a chicken suit
with flippers. Go!
Oh, God,
I'm dating again.
How do I look?
Be brutal.
- Fine. You look good.
- You look fine.
I hate the way I look.
I don't blame you but
there's just not enough time
for a nose job now.
Guys, look,
I-I need your help here.
I've gotta put
together a look.
- I've got something for you.
- I have a look for you.
Yeah, me too.
Well, I'm glad we had this time
to get better acquainted.
Maybe we should go upstairs and
play with Julie and Stephanie.
I promise Danny will be
down in just a second.
Yeah. Yo, Daniel!
Got a pretty girl down--
Your cowlick looks fine!
I know,
I flattened it out.
Hi, Linda.
Hi, Danny.
Or is it Manny?
No, i-it's Danny,
the good twin.
Thanks for waiting.
Sorry about
all the confusion.
Oh, I understand.
When I started
dating again
I went through
the same craziness.
Michelle wants
to say goodbye.
Go ahead, Michelle.
[baby talk]
You don't even
have to say it.
I know,
don't stay out late
because you're gonna
wake me up at 3:00.
- Buh-bye, Deej.
- Bye.
Say good-bye to Steph
for me.
- Shall we go?
- We shall.
You kids behave
yourselves.
That's right. Take two dimes
for a phone call. Go.
Go on. Have fun.
- 'Be good.'
- 'Go on.'
Alright, Michelle.
This is the moment we've
all been waiting for.
It's time to throw away
Benny the dishrag
because you're now
the proud owner
of a brand new
man-eating tree house!
(together)
Yay!
Alright, pal. Here we go!
Here we go! Ready?
- Whee!
[instrumental music]
[theme music]